Update README.md (#2)
datatlas-erasme/.github: profile/README.md

The backend is a specific ETL that allows DatAtlas to grab data from everywhere. 

### Want to work with us ? 

> You can discover all our current issues in the DatAtlas project. Issues "for later" are in the front or the back repository. Feel free to read our CONTRIBUTING.md for more information on how to work with us. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our current priorities are managed in the [__DatAtlas__ project board](https://github.com/orgs/datatlas-erasme/projects/3). 
Other issues may be browse from the [__front__](https://github.com/datatlas-erasme/front/issues) and [__back__](https://github.com/datatlas-erasme/back/issues) repositories. 

Feel free to read our [contributing guide](https://github.com/datatlas-erasme/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.
```
